README.md, before:

# startup

### learned how to effectivley navigate git using both the vs code extension and the command line
### also figured out how to resolve a merge in a git repo!


# Elevator Pitch
## The world of recipe blogging is bloated and needs a complete redesign.
## I plan to create a website that cuts out the all the storytelling bloat that comes with a recipe blog and provide home cooks around the world a centralized recipe sharing site that prioritizes the recipe, not the story behind it. 


# User oriented recipe sharing site
# Features
## Allow users to sort recipes by meal, cuisine and other specification.
## Recipe search functionality.
## Concise ingredient and instruction delivery
### Story behind the recipe comes second. Prioritizes easily accessable information
## Allow users to "branch" recipes and repost with modifications
### Similar to GitHub fork functionality
## Social aspect of website
### Allow users to share recipes on their page
### Instagram Style explore page that displays shared recipes in an appealing format
### Social media integration
## Support for video upload and youtube links
### Allow the users to upload their own videos to the site or pull existing links from Youtube.
![recipe2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26552740/214924849-91a7abf3-979e-4441-a823-b32735271ecf.png)
![recipe1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26552740/214924851-63b07152-5d6f-44c4-8f04-2a101186fc62.png)

Commit message:

major changes, added image thumbnail templates and updated about section

README.md, after:

# startup

# html css deliverable notes
## using bootstrap is SO much easier.. do it
## making small subtle changes towards your desired product is the best way to approach design, don't try to do too much too fast














### learned how to effectivley navigate git using both the vs code extension and the command line
### also figured out how to resolve a merge in a git repo!


# Elevator Pitch
## The world of recipe blogging is bloated and needs a complete redesign.
## I plan to create a website that cuts out the all the storytelling bloat that comes with a recipe blog and provide home cooks around the world a centralized recipe sharing site that prioritizes the recipe, not the story behind it. 


# User oriented recipe sharing site
# Features
## Allow users to sort recipes by meal, cuisine and other specification.
## Recipe search functionality.
## Concise ingredient and instruction delivery
### Story behind the recipe comes second. Prioritizes easily accessable information
## Allow users to "branch" recipes and repost with modifications
### Similar to GitHub fork functionality
## Social aspect of website
### Allow users to share recipes on their page
### Instagram Style explore page that displays shared recipes in an appealing format
### Social media integration
## Support for video upload and youtube links
### Allow the users to upload their own videos to the site or pull existing links from Youtube.
![recipe2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26552740/214924849-91a7abf3-979e-4441-a823-b32735271ecf.png)
![recipe1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26552740/214924851-63b07152-5d6f-44c4-8f04-2a101186fc62.png)
